Add notice about service worker section to 'What\'s new'. (#6176)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/whatsnew/index.md

Check this page often to learn about changes to the Chrome extensions platform, its documentation,
and related policy or other changes. You'll find other notices posted on the [Extensions Google Group](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/g/chromium-extensions). The [Extensions News](/tags/extensions-news/) tag lists articles about many of the topics listed here. (It even has [an RSS feed](/feeds/extensions-news.xml).)

### New extension service worker tutorial and help

<p class="color-secondary-text type--caption">Posted on <time>May 3, 2023</time></p>

> Extension service workers aren't exactly like web services workers; they're more. In addition to web service worker features, they intercept events from extension APIs, and they're available as soon as their loaded. A [new tutorial](/docs/extensions/mv3/getstarted/tut-quick-reference/) gives you basics for registering, debugging, and more. Our new [Service workers](/docs/extensions/mv3/service_workers/) desribes these details. We'll be expanding this section in the coming months.

Reviewer: Can we 
```suggestion
Service Workers are an integral part of Chrome Extensions. We just published a [new tutorial](/docs/extensions/mv3/getstarted/tut-quick-reference/)  explaining you the basic of registering, debugging, and interacting with Service Workers. If you want to learn more, we've also added a new [Service worker guide](/docs/extensions/mv3/service_workers/) explaining important concepts in more detail. We'll be expanding this section in the coming months.
```
